Add documentation clarifying usage of parentKey and parentProcessInstanceKey fields when filtering process instances (#2628)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/apis-tools/operate-api/overview.md

Fields of type string, number, and boolean need the exact value to match.

:::note

> When filtering process instances, `parentProcessInstanceKey` can also be used in place of `parentKey` in the request json. The response json for a process instance will contain the field `parentKey` even when `parentProcessInstanceKey` is used during input filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When filtering process instances, `parentProcessInstanceKey` can be used instead of `parentKey` in the request JSON. The response JSON for a process instance will contain the field `parentKey`, even when `parentProcessInstanceKey` is used during input filtering.
```

Capitalize JSON and some nitpicky grammatical things.

> ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::
```

Reviewer: If it hasn't failed already, I expect the build to fail when the GHA runs.

Reviewer: I'm both surprised and not surprised... I'll commit this change directly.
